[Music]
hello mom welcome to the kitchen today
I'm going to show you how to make
delicious frozen yogurt it's so good and
you only need three ingredients so I've
got some light condensed milk some
fat-free yogurt fresh strawberries
that's all you need
so what you need to do is first of all
half your strawberries so I've got 140
grams here so I'm gonna take roughly
half of them that's about it and I'm
just going to pop them into my blender
just to give them a nice pot of puree
and you can use a stick blender or you
can either just like mash them up with a
fork and push them for a seer
[Music]
so that's created a lovely strawberry
puree I'm going to stir that into my
condensed milk okay it just makes this
seems like a slightly pink tail this
smells amazing right so that's one side
and with the remaining solvers just need
to chop them up in little pieces
so there's all my top stories ready to
be stirred into the delicious frozen
yogurt okay so the next thing to do
it's just add fat or a little bit so I'm
just gonna plunk it all in to my lovely
strawberry lip crisps and now just give
it a nice sort of stir through I just
fold it through gently until we've got a
lovely creamy mixture right so that's a
mix so now I'm just add fresh
strawberries and now I just need to fold
these through the mixture
there we go simple as that the next
thing to do is put it into my mouth I'm
just going to use a loaf tin but you
could use a container as well so I'm
just going to pull them back in and take
my spatula and make sure I've got
everything that's really really lovely
and creamy look at that I think I could
eat this now before it was even frozen
it's so tasty right so that's ready to
go into the freezer this is a lovely
recipe don't need to churn it I'm going
to freeze it overnight and then come
back and have a taste so I've actually
made one yesterday so I'm gonna pop this
one in right so here's my lovely frozen
yogurt I made this one yesterday and I
got out the fridge about half an hour
ago is really hard you just need to let
it soften up before you get out so going
in
Oh for me hmm oh that's really delicious
well I should have finish it off thanks
for watching I hope you all enjoyed it
with you make some lovely frozen yogurt
show you pictures and use the hashtag
stay home get cooking
bye
[Music]
you